# Manipal - Coursera ShowYourSkill
## RememberMe
A security Web/Mobile application project for Manipal Coursera ShowYourSkills

### Introduction

> **Ever wondered what it would be like to not remember passwords?**
> - To have one password that does it all. 
> - To have one user interface that does it all. 
> - To not risk the developers or the application from knowing your password
> - To have your password leaked and still be completely risk free from hackers/phishing/pharming.

#### Introducing RememberMe

> - A one stop portal for all your troubles!!!
> - RememberMe remembers your identity for you without compromising your security.
> - Unlike traditional applications that saves passwords in a log or suggests different passwords,
RememberMe is a portal where all you as a user have to do is remember one password - it doesn't matter whether
it is a small password or a long one. We assure you, that the length of your password or even the inclusion of 
numbers, symbols and/or capitals are not needed.

#### How does it work?

> - Select a password that is easiest for you to remember for whichever website you want to. 
>  - You can choose to have the same password for all your websites or have different ones. 
> - Every user that uses our application would have an ID that identifies their unique encryption key. So there is no storing
of passwords done, neither locally nor in a server database. 
> - This encryption key would be used to generate a password from the password you want and would open the website where you want to enter the password. 

#### User point of view -

1. Register to RememberMe using Mobile/Web app.
2. Use the registered Login and password to sign into the app.
3. You will be directed to the "Website Access" page wherein you can either log in to your desired website (ex: Facebook.com) or add the website to the list of websites already present. 
4. A prompt would be asked for you to enter your "EASY_REMEMBER_PASSWORD"
5. Once the password is entered, the actual website password would be generated and the password would be autofilled onto the desired website. 
6. Onclick of logging in onto the website (ex: Facebook.com) the desired homepage would be opened or respective credential error messages would be generated by the desired website.

### Benefits

- We have support for this in both mobile and web as we have used RestFul APIs to implement the application. Thus allowing us to make a hybrid application which is both platform independent and secure. 
- Easily scalable
- Added 2 layer verification with login that implements hashing hence making sure that your secrets are safe with us. 

### Future improvements:

- Usage of state of the art technologies like fingerprint scanner instead of passwords
- OTP generation for easy password access.
- Use Face unlock condition to their reliability. 
- Added support to providing changing of password in one click. 
- Hassle free > 1 step Verification



